DefaultAzureCredential disable VisualStudioCodeCredential by default (#31755)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

- `EnvironmentCredential` updated to support specifying a certificate password via the `AZURE_CLIENT_CERTIFICATE_PASSWORD` environment variable

### Breaking Changes

> - Removed `VisualStudioCodeCredential` from `DefaultAzureCredential` token chain as SDK authentication via Visual Studio Code is broken due to issue [#27263](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/27263). The `VisualStudioCodeCredential` will be re-enabled in the `DefaultAzureCredential` flow once a fix is in place. Issue [#30525](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/30525) tracks this. In the meantime Visual Studio Code users can authenticate their development environment using the [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Excluded `VisualStudioCodeCredential` from `DefaultAzureCredential` token chain by default as SDK authentication via Visual Studio Code is broken due to issue [#27263](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/27263). The `VisualStudioCodeCredential` will be re-enabled in the `DefaultAzureCredential` flow once a fix is in place. Issue [#30525](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/30525) tracks this. In the meantime Visual Studio Code users can authenticate their development environment using the [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/).
```
